---
layout: post.liquid
title: "Virto: De-Commerce Solution for Everyone"
published_date: 2022-01-05 12:34:56 +0100
data:
  author: Qian Che
is_draft: true
---

# This is our first Post!

Cindy is a passionate buyer and an avid crypto asset holder. Every time when
she wants to go shopping, she wonders why she can't directly pay with her
crypto currencies. Currently she could only sell her crypto assets in a
centralized exchange platform or a local exchange where funny frauds are
increasingly common. Cindy hates to go through these hassle to utilize cryptos
and wonders when she will be able to directly use her assets to pay for the
bill conveniently and securely.

Dan is a local dairy farmer and his small farm produces the best milk in in
town. He can't easily sell the production at a reasonable price directly to end
consumers but only sell to wholesalers in a much cheaper price. Dan is not
satisfied with his situation and wants to promote his products directly to
local consumers.

From now on, people like Cindy and Dan will not be bothered by their
inconveniences any more thanks to **Virto Network**. Virto Network implements a
clever solution to giving **utility to cryptocurrencies** and fair **trade
without intermediaries**  - the *Local Incentives Protocol* which enables
blockchain based _de-commerce_ infrastructure:

- For merchants, they can either easily create their own **marketplaces**,
  _e.g._ a grocery shop, to directly serve consumers avoiding the extra cost of
  intermediaries or together form **marketplaces**, _e.g._ a Sunday Fleamarket to
  scale up their service to consumers. All needed is for marketplace builders
  to connect their applications to the familiar Web2-like APIs offered by
  Virto, as simply as using **Shopify**, but almost free.

- For users, they can conveniently use their crypto assets to buy any products
  or services offered by the different marketplaces, including trading with
  fiat money. It means, users could not only, e.g. buy their favorite book, but
  also easily swap their digital assets for fiat money and back. We believe
  this makes Virto unique by providing a bridge between the future blockchain
  metaverses and real society.

 >  **swap.cash**, one of the core team's reference applications will be
 >  launched early this year, first using an existing Kusama parachain like
 >  Karura before it's finally deployed in Virto Network by Q2 2022.

Amazon, Ebay, Alibaba these global e-commerce platforms have been steadily
increasing in the past decades, which offers opportunities to integrate
millions of marketplaces. Meanwhile more and more critics have also arose,
especially concentrating on their anti-competitive or monopolistic behaviors,
which result in price control, price discrimination and employee management.
These however would never be possible in a decentralized system backed up by
blockchain technology, in contrary, all these missing valuable virtues,
**fairness, transparency, efficiency** will be better respected and valued in
**de-commerce** systems  as they are rooted in the its design.

In addition, **Local Incentives Protocol** also incentives the formations of
**Local Communities** that function as **DAOs: Decentralised Autonomous
Organisation** by reserving local tax, which is collected from the transactions
and is only at the disposal of the people from the community. The community is
governed by its own people. This will also help the system fight against
resource monopoly within the system and support the local economy.

> All the information you need to know more about Virto Network, Local
> Incentives Protocol or use it for building marketplaces can be found here in
> our [website](https://virto.network/).




 
